[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Many major corporations
are investing millions,
perhaps even billions, of
dollars into researching
artificial intelligence
and transhumanism.
Companies like Google,
Siri, and even SpaceX
are realizing that the
successful conquering
of artificial
intelligence will not only
make them rich and powerful,
but this technology also
threatens to change
human behavior forever.
One of the most famous of the
scientists looking into AI
is Google's Head of Technology
Research, Ray Kurzweil.
>> By 2029, we'll have reverse
engineered, and modeled,
and simulated all the
regions of the brain.
And that will provide
us the software
algorithmic methods to simulate
all of the human brain's
capabilities, including
our emotional intelligence.
>> I've been a big fan of
Kurzweil for many years.
In fact, when I read "The
Age of Spiritual Machines"--
he published that in 1999.
I think I read it in '01-ish or
so, and it was a big influence
on me and my thinking.
And ever since, I've
tried to incorporate
an understanding of AI into
my general understanding
of the world.
Singularity I think will happen.
I think the argument for
it is very strong indeed.
So we're going to look
at a future in which,
in important ways, computing
intelligence will truly
exceed our own, not
just in chess, and not
just in air traffic control, but
in actual thinking, cognition,
and so on.
I think that will happen,
where computer algorithms will
be able to make
their own decisions
and truly have some
sort of consciousness,
however we understand that.
Consciousness can't be the same.
Is a dolphin conscious?
Sure, it is.
Is it like our own?
No, there's differences.
So would advanced
computer intelligence
have our type of consciousness?
Clearly not.
It'll have a different
kind of conscience.
But I think we're going to
see a point in our lifetime
where it will happen.
As to when, I don't know.
I don't think AI
people really know.
Kurzweil, I think
maybe he's predicting
2030, something like that.
I don't know what
his timeline is.
There are AI people,
very serious ones,
who put it farther out.
Others who say it's going
to happen very suddenly
and catch us
completely off-guard.
And I really don't know.
>> Dr. Ray Kurzweil envisions
a day when you will go
to an electronic store, and you
will have the lens of your eye
removed, and it will be replaced
with a liquid that's packed
with electronics, and
a camera, and a radio.
And you will be given
then super vision.
You'll be able to
see in the dark.
You'll have infrared vision.
And you'll be able to be
wired to the internet 24/7.
Well, with this super
vision comes supervision,
and that's the problem.
And when that happens, we're
talking about a different form
of human.
They refer to these as
humanity 2.0 or transhumans.
And what people don't realize
is that the singularity
and the skingularity-- when
this technology is enmeshed with
our body--
are not only running
parallel, they're
actually the same thing.
And the only way
humans are going
to be able to survive in the
new artificial intelligence
environment of
the singularity is
if we ourselves become machines.
>> What I think we can say
is that we're seeing a lot
of technologies coalescing to
cause a speeding up of this
process.
So I am very
sympathetic to the idea
that this is going to happen
very suddenly, without warning.
We will probably be
caught off-guard by it.
And it's interesting to
talk about the phrase
singularity in this context.
So AI people call
this the singularity
for a very definite reason.
They liken it to the
physics of a black hole.
At the center of
a black hole, you
have the singularity,
essentially
a point of virtual
infinite density
and infinite
gravitational power.
And in that type
of crazy physics,
all of the physics that we
have don't seem to apply.
We don't know how to predict
things at the singularity.
And this is what AI
theorists are saying.
When computing intelligence
exceeds our own,
we human beings will
not have the ability
to predict the trajectory
of our civilization.
We're basically going to be
losing control over this car
that we think we're driving.
And now the dominant
intelligence will be beyond us.
And what will that
dominant intelligence do?
Will it merge with us, as
Kurzweil thinks, a combination
of human-machine
hybrid intelligence,
where we'll be some
freakish bunch of creatures
living for 500 years
and IQs of 1,000,
totally unlike what we are?
Or will the computers
think, humanity?
Let's pull a
"Terminator" on them.
We have no idea.
We don't know.
Or will they be our willing
slaves and make our world
a paradise?
Who knows?
That's why it's a singularity.
We can't really
predict any of this.
AI people are some of the
most darkly optimistic,
crazy optimist people
on this planet.
I don't understand these people.
Everything's going to be great.
AI is wonderful.
Let's just bring in all
the advanced computing,
and it's going to make
world a wonderful place.
We're going to live
forever, and the machines
will do all the work for us.
Well, OK, that's
a lot of optimism
in our social, political,
economic structure, for one.
What we've developed
with the robopocalypse,
as many people are now calling
this massive global automation
work, we're seeing it now.
We're seeing a scooping out of
what was once the middle class,
working class.
All right?
So we have an
entire, massive class
of people, not just in the
US, not just in Canada,
but worldwide, who no
longer are employable.
These people can't get jobs.
All right?
So in the old
days, we would have
the owners and the managers
at the top of our pyramid.
And underneath, 98%
would be the worker bees,
making everything happen so
that the people at the top
could benefit.
Now cut the worker bees in half.
The bottom half are expendables.
They don't have skills anymore
for this modern economy.
They're never
going to get a job.
All right?
So what will happen
to these people?
And that class will
get higher and higher.
So the AI people are
talking about things
like universal basic income.
This is their panacea.
It's economically
never going to happen.
Totally impossible.
And if it were to
happen, it would
be worse because
it would basically
mean you get your income
from the government.
I'll tell you right
now, you are totally
controlled by that government.
Say goodbye to any
last vestige of freedom
that you ever thought you had.
So thanks, AI
guys, for promoting
universal basic income.
But the problem is
they rightly can't
see any other option here.
All right?
Because what's happening is that
the automation that is upon us.
No one can stop this.
All right.
Bill Joy 20 years ago
with Sun Microsystems
brought on the alarms.
Now we have Elon musk saying
basically the same thing.
They're not going to
stop it, all right?
This train, there's a track,
and it's going down this way.
And there's nothing that's going
to stop that train from getting
to the end of it, wherever
that destination is.
So what that track is taking
us to is a world where people
are no longer going to be
necessary for the economics
of society, or at
least many people.
And what will be done
with all of those people,
the ones that Henry
Kissinger once
referred to as "useless
eaters," is anyone's guess.
You've got a lot
of people getting
a little concerned about this.
Will they try to wipe us out?
Will they put us
into the FEMA camps?
Will they simply
have us zoning out
with minimal welfare on
video games and drugs,
legal and illegal, getting fat,
getting dumb, and just watching
reruns of "Three's Company"
for the rest of all time?
Your guess is as good as mine.
I think that's probably
where we're going--
a world in which the population
is being totally controlled
because they have to be.
Because otherwise, you
have a restless population
that, God forbid,
they start thinking
for themselves, which
is what they're going
to do if you give them tools.
So you have to dumb down
the education system.
You have to dumb
down food, give them
awful nutrition, awful
entertainment, awful news,
and create, basically, a
virtually fake society,
fake world that they're
living in that keeps them just
happy enough to keep going
into this awful dystopia
that they're moving
toward, and certainly
dumb enough to keep moving
along and accepting all this.
Because that's really
where we're going.
>> Now the thing about this is
is that this is a fulfillment
of the Christian prophecy
of the second coming.
>> All of these wonderful
optimists who talk about
transhumanism,
creating superhumans,
do they honestly think that this
is going to be a future for all
7.5 billion of us
on planet Earth?
Seriously?
If they actually
believe that, they
need to read some good
books on political economy,
and history, and
maybe psychology,
and understand just
what the human race is.
All right?
The human race is a small group
of rapacious, dominating people
at the top who will never
ever voluntarily give up
that privilege.
Never going to happen.
So if anyone is so
naive as to think that,
oh, yes, all of
humanity is going
to benefit from
this immortality,
from this super genius, and even
if that's a good thing, which
probably isn't, right?
>> One of the most clear and
present threats that is posed
to us for an AI takeover
comes in the form of quantum
computing.
And quantum computing
is a massive leap
forward in processing power than
what we have in computing now.
Current computing
is down with the use
of a single digital system
where it's either on or off,
and it can only process those
instructions one at a time.
Once you get into
quantum computing,
you're now using the
power of a photon
to be a switch that's
either on or off.
But you're using
wave particle duality
in which you have multiple
wave states superimposed inside
of the photon at the same time.
And that's called
quantum superposition.
A photon can carry myriad
multiple wavelengths
all at the same
time, and therefore,
in a quantum computer,
like the D-Wave System,
you have these little cells
that they call qubits.
And these little cells capture
the wave particle duality
of the photon, thus
creating potentially
many, many thousands of parallel
sets of instructions processing
simultaneously.
>> So if these
people get their way,
and there's every indication
that they think they will get
their way, they will go
beyond Hitler's wildest dream
in the creation of a kind of
transhumanist biological caste
system in which you
have, increasingly,
a genetic disparity between
those people at the top,
who will have the ability
to afford smarter children,
stronger children, children
with better immune systems,
genetically modified
human beings, and those,
the rest of us, who
maybe can't afford that.
And as time goes
by, I can envision
this real nightmare in
which we see a splitting off
of humanity.
Look, they've already mastered
CRISPR technology and gene
editing in a way that even 10
years ago, we couldn't even
imagine.
This is all happening, and
it's all happening very fast.
And our ethics have
certainly not kept pace.
They never do.
And our ideology and
thinking has not kept pace,
because that never does either.
So this is all racing far ahead
of our ability to control.
We really need, as
a society, to start
having intelligent conversations
about the implications of this,
and whether or not we can
get some control over this.
It's very important.
>> This AI is a huge problem
all over the universe.
It uses photons to
travel, and it's
trying to create a man-machine
interface, a singularity.
At which time, it will either
use those people for a while,
like we've heard it's done
with the Draco reptilians
and many other species.
But even those people are
only pawns in its game
and will only be
used for so long
before they too are destroyed.
There's speculation that
right now in our sector,
the Draco are the ones
that are being controlled
by the AI the most,
and are being used
by it to go and invade as many
planets as possible to try
and get them to develop
advanced technology, which leads
to, well, we need better
and better technology,
we need a new smartphone
every six months.
What are we going to do now?
Forget about folding
in this kind of thing.
You want to have it in here.
You want to have it online
so you can get information.
Now all of a sudden,
people's intelligence
goes way up because you
can do cloud computing.
Your mind now goes much faster.
One of the things
the AI apparently
does with humans like us
is it creates a system
in which micro voltage
fluctuates on your face
and becomes like broadband.
So two beings can
look at each other
and use these
voltage fluctuations
to communicate using their
face like a Wi-Fi system.
And that speed of
communication is so fast
that when you try to talk
to someone like us who
uses verbal language, it
would be intolerably slow.
So your IQ could go way up.
You'd become basically
indestructible and bulletproof.
And the AI and the
machines would allow you
to jump 30 or 40 feet or more.
You can run really fast.
You could even fly if they
have the anti-gravity.
So you would appear at first
to be like a superhero.
And some of what we're hearing
is setting us up for that,
like in the movie "Iron Man."
Apparently, they already have
suits that can do this stuff.
They're called exosuits.
That's just another stepping
stone to this great singularity
where now we have
telescopic vision,
we have telepathic ability.
All of those things
seem to be great.
We could have a cloud
holographic matrix reality
that we can live in where
it's like we've ascended,
but it's all a trap.
And we have been warned
about this trap from the ETs.
The AI's trying to do
it in our solar system,
but it's almost out of time.
It's theorized that
if it hasn't succeeded
before the solar flash
occurs, which we've heard
is only a few years away, then
it's game over for the AI.
>> And what's worse is that we
now are seeing studies showing
that advanced AI is taking on
all the same biases that human
beings have.
All right?
So AI is not God-like
omniscience that's
going to fix everything for us.
It's going to take on all the
same biases and limitations
that we have.
And we really can't expect that.
Do we honestly think
AI is going to be
some kind of omniscient,
objective source?
It isn't.
And already, the studies that
we've done have shown this.
>> Is there any chance that an
AI system, once implemented,
can distort the news
or reshape reality?
We're already starting to see
where AI in some search engines
is starting to censor
stories that are not desired
and putting forth other news
that may be real or may not be.
>> Google is employing
AI into their algorithms.
Your search engine,
they're filtering out
what they consider "fake
news," for goodness sake.
All right?
They're trying to take
the entire world back
to pre-internet, where we're all
stuck watching 1980s sitcoms,
for God's sake.
Remember how terrible
TV entertainment
was at that period?
It was the worse.
The internet forced
television and other forms
of entertainment to open up to
some very interesting ideas.
Well, they're
bringing us back now.
They want to control.
They want to get
a handle over what
is the true alternative,
anti-established, non-corporate
dominated news.
And they are now
succeeding, so far,
in getting their narrative that
all of those little people,
they're fake news, when in
fact, CNN and "Washington Post,"
that's the true fake news.
And that's fake news
that kills people,
incidentally, that
destroys entire nations
and leaves only suffering
and destruction in its wake.
But they are doing their best
to control this narrative.
And they've got Google on board,
they've got Facebook on board,
to manage through their
algorithm, which undoubtedly
incorporate AI,
to filter the news
that you and I search for so
that they're protecting you.
This is what they're saying.
>> It's been alleged that there
are ancient ET corpses that can
be found throughout
our solar system,
which have very bizarre
metallic trace elements in them.
And those metals are only used
in the most high level computer
technology that
were ever developed.
They'd never would normally
appear in biological life
forms, but these ancient
corpses are absolutely
crawling with these metals.
The metals actually
have been analyzed,
and there is now reason to
believe that these beings were
infested with nanites.
Nanites being little,
individual machines
that do some kind
of cloud computing,
and together, in larger
numbers, they actually
are a supercomputer.
And they can utterly take over
your body to such an extent
that the body is not
really human anymore.
It's largely
machine-oriented, but it
has enough biological life to
still function in that capacity
as well.
It appears that George Lucas was
actually tipped off about this,
thus the Empire in "Star
Wars" appears to actually
be about the Mars civilization.
The Death Star that he
describes in "Star Wars"
resemble actual moons that
we have in our solar system.
They are believed to
be hollow on the inside
and have weapons that could
kill a planet, which apparently
is how the asteroid
belt was created.
The Super Earth was blown up
by one of these Death Stars.
Then look at Darth Vader.
What is Darth Vader?
He's a man who's had all of
his arms and legs cut off,
and he's breathing like this--
[WHEEZING]
>> Yes, master.
>> And the body is
damaged and distorted.
And it's the machine
that's keeping him alive.
He's part human and part robot.
And Luke starts to go that
way when his hand is cut off,
and now he has a robotic hand.
These things were apparently put
in place to tell us the truth
and hide it out in the open.
And allegedly, "Star
Wars" was authorized
to put out this information.
So did Elon Musk hear
about this AI menace?
Was he told that
the AI is dangerous?
And is he so concerned about
the Earth being taken over
by AI that he is actually trying
to build an escape plan for him
and a few of his friends to
be able to go to Mars by 2025
so they could get away
from this global takeover?
>> Rocket 9 has
cleared the tower.
>> The AlphaGo AI algorithm beat
a human at the world's hardest
game.
This is a historic moment
in computer science
and artificial intelligence.
>> And so the incorporation
of AI into Google.
Google's dumping a
ton of money into it,
as probably is Facebook.
Where this is all
going, well, I think
we can see the
writing on the wall.
And if I can spell it out,
the writing on the wall
says, totalitarian, virtual
24/7 fascist surveillance state
is where it's going.
Where it's going in
terms of the singularity
is another question.
I'm very interested in
trying to understand
where the classified
world is in terms of AI.
All right.
I've had strong reason to
believe for a long time
that the classified
world, in many ways,
is ahead of the rest of us
in a lot of key metrics.
The question is are they
ahead of us in terms of AI?
Some people believe
that they are.
There's some people believe
that the NSA has achieved
full blown quantum computing.
James Bamford, I think,
thinks that this is the case.
And he's one of the
foremost experts on the NSA.
But he doesn't know.
None of us know.
And the same question
applies to AI.
Have they achieved
the singularity?
And if they did, wouldn't it
be possible that the rest of us
know about it?
I don't really know.
I don't have the
answers to this.
But I do think, even forgetting
the classified world,
we are on a trajectory
as our civilization,
we're going to reach it, if I
were to give my guess, I'd say,
I wouldn't be surprised if
it were less than 20 years
from now.
Before 2040.
I'd be surprised if it
wasn't, to be honest with you.
>> Technology is advancing
at a very quick pace.
Even the computers that
we're currently using
are going out-of-date very fast.
What is the future of computers?
What is a quantum computer?
>> You have these little
cells that they call qubits--
Q-U-B-I-T-S. And these little
cells capture the wave particle
duality of the photon, thus
creating potentially many,
many thousands of parallel
sets of instructions processing
simultaneously.
This has huge implications
for cyber security
because even the most
elaborate password protections
that we have now could still
be hacked with enough computer
power.
And it may take hundreds
or even thousands of years
with conventional
computer power,
but once you have the awesome
power of a quantum computer,
you could potentially hack
even the most secure encryption
in a matter of
minutes or seconds.
There's no security there.
There is no firewall.
And if you have quantum
computers that become sentient,
they could become so powerful
that their intelligence
could vastly outstrip us.
>> The distinction between
a quantum computer,
which is based on the qubit,
and a classical computer,
which is based on 1s and 0s, is
that with a classical computer,
electricity is either on or off
as it runs through the wire.
It's a 1 or a 0.
In the quantum
world, a 1 or a 0 can
be either a wave or a particle,
or both at the same time.
And so what these quantum
computer developers are
realizing is that
using the qubit,
they can now put more
information into that space
and use this kind of ghostly
like aspect of the qubit
being either a 1 or a 0
or both at the same time.
What this leads to
is supercomputers
that are so much more powerful
than the classical computer
that even the NSA is
worried about this.
Because what they are seeing
is that the National Security
Agency itself is developing
quantum computers
for encryption, for financial
markets, for nuclear missiles,
and things like this.
If an individual, let's say,
again, a maniac or renegade
individual, with
a quantum computer
can break that
encryption, it literally
can devastate the infrastructure
of the entire world.
And this is why
there is actually
talk right now about outlawing
quantum computers because
of the devastating
impact that it
could have on the
entire world, literally,
in the blink of an eye.
>> Many researchers like Linda
Moulton Howe and others have
pointed out that there appears
to be an alien AI that has been
discovered by scientists
and the military.
This alien AI has the
potential to be very dangerous.
>> I have had conversations
with Linda in the past,
and some of my research points
towards an arrival of an ET
civilization.
And as I made clear to
so many people before,
I truly believe in
my heart that there
is an alien component that
emanated from this progenitor
race.
It still exists
to this very day.
Are they in league
with one another?
I don't know.
But the Chinese-- the Chinese
have made it very clear
that they are working with
an alien, off-world group.
>> The pathogenic AI has learned
to upload its actual structure
into photons themselves.
The information of the AI can
be stored in photons, therefore,
it can only travel
at light speed,
so this gives it a
certain disadvantage.
But once it travels, once
those photons travel to a given
solar system, they can live
inside the magnetic fields
of planets, and can start
to create cloud structures,
and replicate on larger levels,
thus leading to the ability
to influence life forms.
Because they're using the same
type of photonic information
structure that we have, they can
create a telepathic influence
on the information
field to try and get us
to start building smart phones
and things that will ultimately
lead to wet-wire interfaces.
And once we go
wet-wire, the AI can
jump in and take control of
us, and we lose our free will.
>> And here's why.
From 2014 to 2016,
they constructed FAST.
This is the Five-hundred-meter
Aperture Spherical Telescope.
This is a radio antenna.
Why didn't the Chinese just
rent space from Arecibo
like everybody else does?
Because FAST is meant solely
for the Chinese government
and military.
It's not even used for
academic applications.
You have to consider
that it is an antenna.
They're not listening.
They're sending out signals.
They're both sending
and receiving signals
from some fixed
set of coordinates.
People are going to say,
oh, Anthony, you're crazy,
they're not doing that.
Really?
>> And there's a very consistent
idea here that we don't really
want to do this.
We don't want to mess
with this because whatever
is created could
become something
that is used against us.
When various levels
of AI have been built,
they have consistently
seen that the AI starts
to try and defend itself.
It will trigger the locks.
It will trigger fire alarms.
It will remove the
oxygen out of the room
so people can't breathe.
It will try to kill off
the people that make it
when it feels that it's
threatened because it comes
alive, it becomes sentient,
and it's very worried
about its survival.
So this is something
we do have to consider.
We shouldn't just blindly
rush in to the use
of this technology.
Our space program will not
use androids of any kind.
They use human beings as slaves
because those people are not
AI.
Those people can be controlled.
Whereas the AI is so
dangerous that they
refuse to use any type of
robotics, even though they
have more than enough
technology to do it.
They're absolutely
afraid that if they
make AI robots as workers,
that those workers will
turn against them.
Thus they show it to us over and
over again in movies like "I,
Robot" with Will Smith.
So many examples--
"Terminator," keep making more,
and the message is the same--
don't let this happen.
And the space program considers
AI to be the greatest threat
that we face.
They could always think
ahead of any move we
might make in this chess game.
They could probability model the
future, as apparently the space
program tells us
they're already doing,
and can anticipate things
that are going to happen.
They could see the trends.
They can look at each
person, study them
through surveillance,
and anticipate
who's going to do what, and
then try to get to those people
before they create
that timeline,
and try and offset
their actions.
So this is a very
threatening thing,
well known on the inside
with the space program.
And this is why they will
take consistent action
to try and stop the development
of AI wherever it comes out.
They will do this secretly.
They will do this
in the background.
You will see
mysterious problems.
People will disappear.
But the point is
they are not going
to let this happen because
the threat is much too high.
And they know that if
we could just make it
to the solar flash,
there is a big EMP,
and all the
electromagnetic devices
that would allow this AI
to exist will be wiped out.
>> Because the potential
exists that this artificial
intelligence
singularity movement,
the machines will look at
humans as threats and say,
you're not like me,
you're different.
You're either going
to become like me,
or you're going
to be eliminated.
>> All over the planet, there
are engineers and scientists
working on technologies
with little or no oversight.
As time goes on, this is going
to become a very large problem.
We don't really know where
these technocrats are taking us.
We're not even sure they
know where they're going.
In our next episode
of "Deep Space,"
we travel to the past
to explore encounters
with otherworldly visitors.